README.md, before:

<div align="center">
<img width="1200" height="475" alt="GHBanner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa67016-6eaf-458a-adb2-6e31a0763ed6" />
</div>

# Circular Economy - Reg Ledger Core

## Project Description

The verification layer for regulated capital.

We build the infrastructure that allows financial institutions to finance the real economy with total confidence.

Financial institutions are under growing pressure to deploy capital into sustainable and real-world industrial assets — while simultaneously facing stricter regulatory scrutiny, higher compliance burdens, and increasing audit expectations. The problem isn't capital availability. It's trust in the underlying data.

Today, banks and institutional lenders rely on fragmented disclosures, static certifications, and delayed reporting. This creates risk uncertainty, slows deal flow, and limits the scale of financing into critical infrastructure and sustainable asset classes.

**We exist to solve that.**

### Our Mission

To become the trusted verification layer that enables regulated financial institutions to safely finance real-world assets using continuous, audit-ready lifecycle data.

### Our Vision

A world where financing decisions for real-world assets are based on continuous, verified truth — not delayed reporting or self-declared data.

## Product Capability

### Verified Asset Lifecycle
Immutable history of how physical assets are created, used, and maintained over time.

### Continuous Monitoring
Real-time signals translated into decision-ready data for financing, risk, and compliance.

### Regulator-Ready Audit
Instant replay of asset states and compliance proofs for stress tests and regulatory reporting.

### Eligibility Intelligence
API-first delivery of regulatory-aligned scores to accelerate underwriting and deal velocity.

## Who We Serve

We partner with Tier 1 banks, institutional lenders, and regulated capital providers that need defensible, regulator-aligned data before deploying capital into complex real-world assets.

- Regulatory Scrutiny
- Scaling Sustainable Finance
- Risk Reduction
- Capital Efficiency
- Institutional Approach

## Regulatory-First

Built from the ground up to satisfy the world's strictest financial reporting standards.

### Audit-by-Default

Every asset movement and state change is cryptographically sealed and replayable.

### Jurisdiction-Aware

Intelligent data models that adapt to sovereign mandates and regional green taxonomies.

---

# Run and deploy your AI Studio app

This contains everything you need to run your app locally.

View your app in AI Studio: https://ai.studio/apps/drive/1qjn5EwPXvsAptW6sRVF7-45rDcCHlkAt

## Run Locally

**Prerequisites:**  Node.js


1. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
2. Set the `GEMINI_API_KEY` in [.env.local](.env.local) to your Gemini API key
3. Run the app:
   `npm run dev`

Commit message:

Update all copy to reflect exclusive circular economy focus
- Update hero sections to emphasize circular economy capital
- Reframe problem/solution sections around circular economy assets
- Update value pillars with circular economy lifecycle and regulatory alignment
- Revise platform deliverables to include material flows and recovery rates
- Update who we serve section for circular economy finance teams
- Update mission and vision to focus on circular economy assets
- Update product capabilities with circular economy-specific features
- Update README with circular economy focus throughout
- Update dashboard title and API descriptions for circular economy

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
<img width="1200" height="475" alt="GHBanner" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0aa67016-6eaf-458a-adb2-6e31a0763ed6" />
</div>

# Circular Economy - Reg Ledger Core

## Project Description

The verification layer for circular economy capital.

We build the infrastructure that allows financial institutions to finance the circular economy with total confidence.

Financial institutions are under growing pressure to deploy capital into circular economy assets — while simultaneously facing stricter regulatory scrutiny, higher compliance burdens, and increasing audit expectations. The problem isn't capital availability. It's trust in the underlying circular economy data.

Today, banks and institutional lenders rely on fragmented disclosures, static certifications, and delayed reporting. This creates risk uncertainty, slows deal flow, and limits the scale of financing into circular economy infrastructure and regenerative asset classes.

**We exist to solve that.**

### Our Mission

To become the trusted verification layer that enables regulated financial institutions to safely finance circular economy assets using continuous, audit-ready lifecycle data.

### Our Vision

A world where financing decisions for circular economy assets are based on continuous, verified truth — not delayed reporting or self-declared data.

## Product Capability

### Verified Circular Economy Asset Lifecycle
Immutable history of how circular economy assets are created, used, recovered, and remanufactured over time.

### Continuous Circular Economy Monitoring
Real-time signals translated into decision-ready data for circular economy financing, risk, and compliance.

### Regulator-Ready Circular Economy Audit
Instant replay of circular economy asset states and compliance proofs for stress tests and regulatory reporting.

### Circular Economy Eligibility Intelligence
API-first delivery of circular economy regulatory-aligned scores to accelerate underwriting and deal velocity.

## Who We Serve

We partner with Tier 1 banks, institutional lenders, and regulated capital providers that need defensible, regulator-aligned data before deploying capital into circular economy assets.

- Regulatory Scrutiny
- Scaling Sustainable Finance
- Risk Reduction
- Capital Efficiency
- Institutional Approach

## Regulatory-First

Built from the ground up to satisfy the world's strictest financial reporting standards.

### Audit-by-Default

Every asset movement and state change is cryptographically sealed and replayable.

### Jurisdiction-Aware

Intelligent data models that adapt to sovereign mandates and regional green taxonomies.

---

# Run and deploy your AI Studio app

This contains everything you need to run your app locally.

View your app in AI Studio: https://ai.studio/apps/drive/1qjn5EwPXvsAptW6sRVF7-45rDcCHlkAt

## Run Locally

**Prerequisites:**  Node.js


1. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
2. Set the `GEMINI_API_KEY` in [.env.local](.env.local) to your Gemini API key
3. Run the app:
   `npm run dev`
